Added/Improved Intros for the Map Topics (#6887)
github/docs: content/github/getting-started-with-github/exploring-projects-on-github/index.md

---
title: Exploring projects on GitHub

> intro: 'Discover the relevant projects on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} and make contribution to Open Source by collaborating with other people.'

Reviewer: This doesn't only apply to GitHub.com, so let's use the more general `product_name`, which will also render as GitHub Enterprise Server or GitHub AE as appropriate.

```suggestion
intro: 'Discover interesting projects on {% data variables.product.product_name %} and contribute to open source by collaborating with other people.'
```
